Update Reception description for 2022 (#154)
srobo/runbook: docs/competition/teams/role-descriptions/reception.md

---
# Reception Volunteer

Reception staff control entry to the building and validate people's Media Consent Forms (MCFs) and/or wristbands. Each reception staffer has their own desk and chair.

Here is a flow chart summarising the details below:

![Reception Desk Flow](../diagrams/reception-desk-flow.svg)

**Everyone** must complete a Media Consent Form, Under 16's must have this form completed by a parent or guardian. If they have signed a form, or if they bring a pre-signed form, give them a wristband and ensure you see them put it on. Also, give each competitor a competition leaflet.

> Please strongly dissuade them from rejecting media consent, as it causes a lot of pains with regards to taking photos of the event. However, they do have the right to reject it. In that case, give them a red lanyard to wear the entire time instead of their wristband. Remember to give them a leaflet too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they refuse, we should double check they understand what they are refusing. Media consent means that we can take photos or videos with them in and use this media to advertise ourselves. We should explain that photos and videos are being taken around the event and that it would be best for them to avoid the arena as we are also livestreaming. If they still refuse media consent provide them with a red lanyard to wear **instead** of a wristband. Instruct them they must wear this lanyard at all times around the event. Remember to give them a booklet too.
```

At the start of the competition day, there will be four reception staffers
covering the entrance. Once the initial influx of people is complete, this
will reduce to two. Additionally, after the initial influx, receptionists
will reduce. Additionally, after the initial influx, receptionists
should allow people wearing SR wristbands to enter the building at will (they
should check that people walking in have one, or follow the procedure above).

**Note: All receptionists at the start of Saturday will be handling the arrivals desk too.**

Throughout the competition reception staffers will encounter a variety of
Throughout the competition, reception staffers will encounter a variety of
members of the public enquiring what the event is, or otherwise receiving
questions. Please answer as fully as possible, but refer any technical questions
to helpdesk, or other unknown matters to other people in SR. Any member
of the public should be allowed into the building if they sign a media consent
questions. Please answer as fully as possible, but refer any technical or kit questions
to the helpdesk. Any member of the public should be allowed into the building if they sign a media consent
form.

> The 'crimper' role will also be performed by the receptionist. Please read this document as well for guidance on how to crimp correctly.

Reviewer 2: We don't need crimps, but they still need to end up wearing a wristband, so something equating to this role is still valid

The following flow is an outline of the processes described above:

![Arrival Desk Flow (Arrivals)](../diagrams/arrival-desk-arrivals-flow.svg)

# Volunteer Arrivals
Volunteers will be turning up throughout the competition, it's important to make sure they do what is needed before entering:
- Strongly recommend that they wear a face covering.
- Ensure they have filled out an MCF.

> - Ensure they have signed the safeguarding policy.

Reviewer 2: "signed" isn't exactly the right word. Also, most people should have done this ahead of time, bear in mind we shouldn't really have any volunteers in the building at the same time as competitors who haven't signed the safeguarding policy, so this could become rather a blocker before we can let competitors in

- Ensure they sign in on the sign-in sheet.

> - They need to be provided with a t-shirt.

Reviewer 2: No point doing this at reception - extra boxes and processing, and they can't get changed there anyway. Just send them to get a tshirt from the volunteer area
